we haven't we had a charge it of the
magnet charger because last night
because this car doesn't have a fast
charger like the other RAF 3d so but i
want to show how commodious this thing
is you know it has 55 passengers seats
and intends to accumulate junk just like
any other big car and then there's this
passenger big compartment in the back
you want to have a nice big trunk too
but this round for you you really makes
into a giant work truck and you can
carry a lot of stuff back here so when
you do run into an emergency you know
like you actually need to load a stupid
wheelchair into your car yeah this this
can double as a you know as an emergency
vehicle that's because it's you know it
basically has a lot of room a lot of
capabilities and we still have room in
the back seat bears though the Walker
thing in the back seat in our 15 miles
into the trip and if we revolt you know
we're still going on our battery pack of
course and now we came down the 22
freeway we scooted up Euclid Avenue and
now we're going to go across to other
freeway we're basically driving here you
know free because we charged up with
credits from our solar system you know
last night we charged slowly off peak
and we're now producing energy during
the daytime peak when other people
needed so we're getting credit for
tonight's charging so it lisa is it
satisfying to be able to drive on your
own electric power
I love it I like not going to the gas
station I like driving on some wine I
like not making a founder si Jin for
every mile i trot Wow eight gallons for
25 bucks 3337 premium I can remember
when gas is less than 25 cents a gallon
so here we are in gas station and but
we're not getting gas like these other
guys were cleaning out the windshield
now we're going to leave this gas
station we got 17 miles on the odometer
so basically you know we're leaking all
the way home and if we were evolved we
still wouldn't have our engines are
little genset on our engine generator
would not be on
on to the 91 freeway west
so we basically done you know 38.1 miles
the genset didn't come on if we were
evolved of course not going to come on
in a real electric car like this is
we're a real electric car with an
imaginary jet set and the Volt is an
imaginary electric car with a proposed
genset so we're on a real electric car
with 100-mile range and an imaginary
genset so we would not even have used
you know 40 miles of range meaning we
still have over 60 miles of range left
you know actually we're more like 80
miles of range left we did pretty
constant speed on the freeway 75 miles
an hour and this would have been a day's
commute 38 model this is a little more
than the average daily commute and we
did it entirely without gasoline we went
there we came back that was a daily run
you know that was my my sort of run for
many years in electric car say wow not
only do I have enough juice but I have
enough to do two or three days runs
without charging the car yet so why
would I charge the car now in the
daytime i wouldn't i'd leave it until
tonight when i can get cheap electric
obviously meanwhile my rooftop solar
system is producing the energy for my
neighbors and i'm getting credit for
that and tomorrow I'll tonight I'll use
that energy credit to charge up this car